README.md, before:

Hello,
======

My name is Landry Norris and I am a software developer from Dallas, Texas. 
I have experience ranging from embedded systems and robotics to mobile and server-side development. 
I am a graduate of the University of Texas at Dallas.
Currently, I am developing desktop applications and embedded firmware at Rev Robotics. 

Technologies I use
==================
![Arch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arch%20Linux-333?logo=arch-linux&style=for-the-badge)
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu)
![Chrome OS](https://img.shields.io/badge/chrome%20os-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=google%20chrome)
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-333?logo=android&style=for-the-badge)


![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=orange)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=red&labelColor=eee)
![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&labelColor=366d96&logoColor=white)

![FFmpeg](https://a11ybadges.com/badge?logo=ffmpeg)

![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)

![IntelliJ IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJIDEA-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)
![WebStorm](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebStorm-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=webstorm&logoColor=white)
![CLion](https://img.shields.io/badge/CLion-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=clion&logoColor=white)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Studio-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=3DDC84)

Github Stats
===========

<a href="https://github.com/LandryNorris/LandryNorris">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=LandryNorris&title_color=000000&text_color=000000" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/LandryNorris/LandryNorris">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LandryNorris&show_icons=true&line_height=27&count_private=true&title_color=000000&text_color=000000&icon_color=FAC051" alt="Landry's GitHub Stats" />
</a>

Commit message:

Add 'Under the Hood' section and update technologies

README.md, after:

Hello,
======

My name is Landry Norris and I am a software developer from Dallas, Texas. 
I have experience ranging from embedded systems and robotics to mobile and server-side development. 
I am a graduate of the University of Texas at Dallas.
Currently, I am developing desktop applications and embedded firmware at Rev Robotics. 

I am driven by a curiosity for how tools really work; whether it's bridging native code with modern 
languages, crafting embedded systems from scratch, or building minimal kernels and runtime environments. 
I enjoy peeling back abstractions and understanding the mechanisms behind compilers, Operating Systems, 
and cross-platform frameworks. I believe true insight lies in understanding what happens under the 
hood, and that's what fuels my tinkering and learning.

Technologies I use
==================
![Arch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arch%20Linux-333?logo=arch-linux&style=for-the-badge)
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu)
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-333?logo=android&style=for-the-badge)


![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=red&labelColor=eee)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&labelColor=366d96&logoColor=white)
![CMake](https://img.shields.io/badge/cmake-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cmake&labelColor=darkblue)

![FFmpeg](https://a11ybadges.com/badge?logo=ffmpeg)

![IntelliJ IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJIDEA-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)
![WebStorm](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebStorm-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=webstorm&logoColor=white)
![CLion](https://img.shields.io/badge/CLion-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=clion&logoColor=white)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Studio-333.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=3DDC84)

Github Stats
===========

<a href="https://github.com/LandryNorris/LandryNorris">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=LandryNorris&title_color=000000&text_color=000000" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/LandryNorris/LandryNorris">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LandryNorris&show_icons=true&line_height=27&count_private=true&title_color=000000&text_color=000000&icon_color=FAC051" alt="Landry's GitHub Stats" />
</a>
